we've bought a lot of weird stuff on
AliExpress over the years the difference
is this time we're doing it on purpose
the challenge was simple bu the weirdest
thing you can find present it to the
rest of the group along with a
justification for what makes yours the
weirdest tech product each of us will
vote for two that we think are the
weirdest and the winner gets a trophy
there's a trophy involved that's it well
you're the writer right you got the
trophy right I totally have a trophy yes
absolutely have a trophy and you wrote a
segue right to the sponsor G skill
create macros or shortcuts and display
your system performance with the widie
dash a 7-in touch panel from gskill
designed to fit your workflow learn more
at the link down
[Music]
below off to a great start you couldn't
afford a Nook so you got a Muk Muk AI or
I I'm not sure it's an h61 motherboard
which came out what 2011 or so okay but
the cool part is this is not from 2011
this is I'm pretty sure from 2023 and
the best part is that it has an m.2 nvme
wait it came with all of that on it no
no no no I added all this just so that
this was a little faster for the video
what I don't know is does this m.2 nvme
slot actually support nvme cuz that came
out like 2013
two years later what's the chipet h61
are you sure about that because I do
recall that we have done a video where
we had a motherboard like this that said
it was a chipset that it actually wasn't
somebody wrote on this in pencil oh yes
yes just like the last time if this is
an h61 then how is it supporting an I3
2150 or 20 or whatever I have in there
uh Russians what yeah yeah no there's
like a whole Russian Community around
this kind of thing uh I think mostly
they focus on Zeon processors but the
chipset should still work it's a whole
thing yeah they remanufacture the boards
there's this great Tik Tok I think of
this guy just sitting in a warehouse
somewhere with a giant box of
motherboards and then yeah a little jig
where he
goes and it just cuts the chipset off
the board and he hws the board behind I
love angle grinder Electronics well we
don't know who's going to win but I
think we know who's not going to win so
why don't we move on to our next
contestant oh no okay I'm going to need
a mouse
oh I have one is that your item yeah
oh here's the thing about this it it's
got top rotation Papa coin all right and
for that you got you want to use your
what is top rotation Papa coin well you
use your your thumb to spin the top
rotation Papa coin until it goes K C I
read the manual this is a new species of
fingertip gyro okay that legitimately
looks pretty cool it looks pretty cool
it's got a rem it's got a removable fuel
tank what fuel tank yeah removable fuel
tank look right here that's how you know
it's strong it's got dark wire right on
the left button here's the papa coin use
your thumb to go cut cut cut were you a
late night TV pitch Man In Another Life
your pitch is so frantic that it sounds
like they have your family like you you
need to sell this mouse well it's me and
Vince offer left uh they used to call me
Billy
Mae but really the biggest selling
feature of
this is right here who has the biggest
hands okay just hold your hand like that
lift up your
fingers it's a fidget oh my God okay
that's pretty
sick wow all right video done we truly
are Tanner
wins wa nice catch you drop enough
things you get good catches who you
broke it no I broke nothing I think it's
supposed to do this is that the
removable fuel tank it could be wait so
where is the dongle for it then oh it's
in there is it remove fuu tank
hey wow this is premium quality they
just put screws into the plastic and
that's what the magnets mag I've got no
problem with that it's not stupid if it
works you're going to talk about that
you're not going to go after this paint
job this is worse than pl's car Colin
could you go get an air compressor air
compressor don't
ask I think we have to see it in action
okay I think so uh okay do we have to
run it on pl's computer or can we run it
on a real
we have a test bench there all right we
have a test bench there what what about
pl's computer what's wrong with that
what is that whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa
hey American Meat Trends oh I believe it
what okay this is incredible we put
windows on both this nvme drive and then
a backup SATA SSD just in case oh it
didn't actually support it as a boot
Drive oh no never underestimate Russian
hackers mine clearly works so that's you
know that's all I'm saying
yeah there we go can we get a tachometer
oh it's going blue
screen no my computer no that's not a
blue screen that's recovery that it's
going Alex kind of has two my first
one's banned Adam is unfortunately sick
today uh so Alex is going to choose his
item but he did buy something ages ago
yes band like in the country we're in or
just like no as we're not allowed to
make the video so what I have right
here is an RGB kit for a Mark 7 G oh my
God this is not a computer item Alex
it's RGB that's the most computer item
of them all so basically you just used
our budget to buy something for your car
no I put this in as a joke and then you
approved it and procurement got it I
never wanted it in the first place the
system works I don't see any RGB in
there there's no RGB on this Alex you
got scammed oh here's the RGB oh oh
there we go oh my God so this right here
has to be put in there I guess I looked
at the instructions and includes a lot
of dremeling like fiber optic why is
this so dirty wait so does the car like
natively have RGB yeah well right now it
natively has R there's just red lights
what's that say dead project RGB for VW
Golf could be used for worst AliExpress
products exactly okay why don't you go
get your real item then so this is what
I have from Adam he said the one I got
is much bigger than the other ones I
have seen I have no idea about safety so
be careful I
guess oh my God I know what that is oh
my God is a musical Tesla coil I don't
know if that's computer parts it hooks
into a computer
a speaker's a computer part is that
fiber optic yes this is fiber optic what
cuz you want to isolate you know your
control
Electronics from your high voltage
Electronics right but not your body no
you can touch it can you like lick it I
wouldn't but like you can would you do
it for 20 bucks what's the needle for
what's the needle for well right now
nothing's happening you need the
needle okay I'll turn it off for a sec
ow
so you need the needle okay yeah so that
it can do that that's very that's great
yeah that's not annoy at all I can smell
it yeah you can smell it for the audio
I'll just turn it off for a second
basically how this works is that
normally it's operating at somewhere
around 100 khz which is way higher than
what you can hear so what we're doing is
we are turning it off when we want there
not to be sound and then back on when
you want sound so say that you want
1,000
you just turn it on and off a thousand
times in a second and you get a tone so
we can turn it back on wow that's great
wow what a useful thing that I wish I
had in my home how does this integrate
with a computer Alex yeah well it's a
speaker so we can turn it over to music
mode oh my
god
[Music]
oh incredible
it's sparking out the tip oh jeez you
are not oh oh that's not so bad oh yeah
hold on it arcs to his fingers yeah does
that hurt it's
tingly the higher tones that's hilarious
oh the very first musical LTT
screwdriver
hey that's pretty good oh that's so cool
okay that more than tingles scary also I
was touching the power supply on the
other
side I think it stopped working when you
touched that oh oh my God he killed it
no way it just muted oh it's like going
up but not going up it's just constantly
muting I expected this to be wonderful I
expected this to be able to solve all of
our problems really I don't think it's
going to do that no uh the app first of
all is not on the App Store they give
you an APK you can just download and S
side load on your Android phone super we
tried to do it on a pixel and it didn't
work because it's too new so this is
plold phone it's great why are the
options doubt and don't understand what
is this fwn so to doubt um this is
supposed to be a diagnostic tool for
computers we do have some adapters for
like m.2 uhhuh so in theory I'm hoping
we could test an m.2 slot if we're going
to plug this into anything it's going to
be plof oh yeah the slot so we can test
no might as well use this one that says
pcie it's specifically said in the app
or the manual or somewhere don't plug in
the PCI one into the pcie that might
break it anything will fit if you try
hard enough it's plugged in it's powered
blinking do I press
doubt doubt just brings up follow the
onscreen instructions idiot it's
apparently Bluetooth so let's find that
it's connected now all right
everything's done but what does it do
it's successed why do you ask so many
bloody questions turn turn the computer
on okay and in theory this is now going
to read the diagnostic code
okay oh oh it's oh it's actually working
who whoa we're getting post codes out of
a board that doesn't have post codes but
we got the current code is 1D PCI RS
good h s o n0 good hsop P0 good I love
having good uh help H so oh wait a
second it says if the computer Compu
fails please eliminate the memory
failure first this is just basic
diagnostic steps it doesn't tell me 1 is
okay it's saying that 1D already shown
below the code it's telling us that's
what 1D is so in theory this is maybe
not compatible with this wonderfully
standard chipset why don't we try that
other computer PCI bus proper connection
oh look you click on these and it shows
you a photo of how to connect it oh it
can test USB oh no way USB test passed
CPU motherboard memory and USB
controller all work h
okay so maybe useful at some point
maybe okay uh ploof sidebar what we're
not supposed to have sidebars here's the
situation it's AliExpress I wasn't sure
how many if any of these items were
going to arrive so I order like four
things
yeah do you think these Pokemon cards
are authentic I think that they don't
hook up to a computer one of my items is
this and what I would like to know is do
you think these are authentic Pokemon
cards oh I don't know let's find out
okay here let's each take let's each
take a pack I love cracking packs okay
first thing I'm noticing is they are in
French a
a FR glass I don't know do Pokemon cards
Canadian I don't know if these are real
dude they don't feel thick enough you
might have gotten scammed all right so
you got fake Pokmon cards no no they
are
proxies if you rip a cards in half there
should be a black line in the middle a
black line oh yeah yeah magic does the
same thing okay yeah no no they are very
fake do you even remember what you
ordered no I'm kind of leaning toward
this one but this is tempting too I'm
going to do the range I don't think the
range extender is going to take that
long it's also not a range extender what
I kind of have two one of which I think
is really weird and one of which I think
might legitimately be useful this is
just a a mining Riser this is not not a
mining Riser this my friend is a
pcie to
PCI adapter we could have used this
during the last video yeah we need to
test it well this is the 2001 Maximum PC
dream machine
complete with 100 megabit fast
networking ethernet card and Hercules XP
sound card with 3D acceleration did not
receive the diagnostic code all right
let's see if an actual card works though
I have seen these so many times and I've
been tempted so many times but I've
never had any reason to actually buy one
because I don't have any PCI cards that
I legitimately need to use so here we go
theoretically you can just Mount this
daughter board anywhere in the chassis
plug in your old school PCI
cards right definitely have drivers for
a little something like that yeah I mean
I don't know man I got no idea right
whoa whoa whoa wait for whoa whoa whoa
Multimedia Audio control are you kidding
me
realistically this was just for fun cuz
I wanted an excuse to buy it my real one
is right here wow this is the one I'm
most excited
about jeez it came detached it is a USB
Wi-Fi card with a built-in
cantana what so the idea here is that if
you have like a shed or a workshop or a
distant location on your property that
you need to get Wi-Fi to you can aim
your antenna directly at your Wi-Fi
router for an improvement in Signal
Integrity what Wi-Fi standard does this
I am not sure rtld drivers. like oh my
God I don't even and definitely no
viruses
xp64 yeah setting up device setting up
device RT something Wireless oh
yes it's
alive it take the pull the cable out it
only says it's
802.11g I just want to know is this
antenna actually even connected inside
of
here oh it is oh my God it is oh wow
okay look at that solder drop that's
mint oh wow it looks like they just took
a pair of side Cutters to the corner of
this PCB did they just put a GL Bob of
solder to hold this in place on a screw
you got to do what you got to do what
the heck that is exactly what they did
you see this that's really bad if we
plugged a working Wi-Fi device into this
there is no reason why this wouldn't
work unfortunately um we were not able
to find modern working drivers for this
particular Wi-Fi
chipset I'm going to go first uh pretty
tough really real good competition here
but Tesla coil 100% is getting a vote
and then number two I think has to be
the fidget spinner Mouse as somebody
with a Double Diamond AliExpress account
the only two the only thing that has not
been advertised to me is the Tesla
coil
however pl's motherboard is also very
interesting because when we did a video
on this concept it was about a tbow PC
which is technically not the same thing
as AliExpress I'll take it I'm going to
have to vote for the Tesla coil and the
mouse damn I'm getting shafted you know
what okay Tesla coil and Jake diagn vote
I have to vote for the solder joint in
that dish yes I get one vote and the
mouse of course I didn't get a single
vote you did I gave you one no I don't
that doesn't count this isn't even yours
though no Adam wins by proxy so far so
far I'm going Mouse and mouse and Wi-Fi
yes two votes for no I don't want your
pity vote maybe as actually is it a tie
between the Tesla coil and the mouse
yeah well what do we do then we only
have one trophy okay we have a deciding
vote
Andy rock paper scissors Tesla coil or
the mouse I'm going to give you give the
Tesla Adam is the
winner I sort of won by proxy his trophy
is this model of a Tesla coil I want the
pair
what I want the parrot you didn't win
you didn't even pick it wait that parrot
he wants the parrot he wants the set
dressing you can't have that well what w
yeah that's a company parrot you have to
give it to Adam fine what is that
supposed to be a parrot a look at the
top what the hell's in theak no idiot
the top I got a Le
okay that I don't know it looks like it
holds something yeah you know what else
it holds it holds the segue to our
spor manscaped make sure your bits and
Bobs are in tiptop shape thanks to
manscaped and their performance package
5.0 Ultra it includes the lawnmower 5.0
Ultra groin and body hair trimmer turn
that overgrown Forest into a Serene
Garden but just don't expect any flowers
to start growing there if they do please
seek
help also included is The Weedwacker 2.0
electric nose hair trimmer so it doesn't
look like some eldrich horror is trying
to escape from up there you'll also get
their crop Soother aftershave lotion and
crop preserver anti-chafing deodorant to
keep you smelling fresh down in your
nether regions it even comes with two
free gifts a toiletry bag for your
grooming Essentials and a pair of their
boxers 2.0 to keep your family jewels
tucked in all nice and cozy check out
the performance package 5.0 Ultra at
manscape.com techtips and use code Tech
tips for 20% off and free shipping if
you guys enjoyed this video maybe go
check out the first time we did this it
got almost equally off the rails